JOB DESCRIPTION

Associate Software Engineer (ASE)

About Accenture

Accenture is a leading global professional services company that helps the world's leading businesses, governments and other organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance citizen services--creating tangible value at speed and scale. We are a talent- and innovation-led company with approximately 750,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries. Technology is at the core of change today, and we are one of the world's leaders in helping drive that change, with strong ecosystem relationships. We combine our strength in technology and leadership in cloud, data and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability. We are uniquely able to deliver tangible outcomes because of our broad range of services, solutions and assets across Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. These capabilities, together with our culture of shared success and commitment to creating 360deg value, enable us to help our clients reinvent and build trusted, lasting relationships. We measure our success by the 360deg value we create for our clients, each other, our shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com..

Role Overview

Join our team that is developing, designing and maintaining technologies that improve the way our clients and the world works. Working in challenging and dynamic environments, using their versatility to create and support technology solutions that meet client requirements from analysis to implementation

What would you do? 

As an Associate Software Engineer you would largely be involved in:

    Design, build, test, assemble, support and configure application using business requirements
    Understand business drivers that will impact performance and deliver software to those expectations
    Bake technology trends into solutions; Participate in the development of automation solutions, new functionality and technologies and integrate them in existing solutions
    Responsible for incident resolution and support extended to customers through voice interaction/email/chat/remote support

What we need?

We would love you to have:

    Ability to anticipate and resolve business issues with agility
    Multi-disciplinary and versatile with the aptitude to learn and apply new skills faster
    Good analytical and problem-solving skills and proficient in verbal and communication skills
    Deliver code, to time and quality expectations and participate in peer reviews
    Take ownership of the successful implementation of the solution
    Support infrastructure operations and /or manage delivery for IT production system and services
     Flexibility to relocate for project deployment to any part of India and work in 24X7 shifts basis business requirement

Also, the below mentioned will be preferred:

    Basic understanding of ABAP Development on HANA, CDS, AMDP, Performance Analysis
    Experience or knowledge in configuration, customization of Salesforce.com applications
    Good working knowledge in J2EE and full-stack development
    Knowledge and development experience of .NET (ASP.NET/ASP.NET MVC)

Test automation engineering

    Creation of test designs, test processes, test cases and test data
    Apply business and functional knowledge including testing standards, guidelines, and testing methodology to meet the teams overall test objectives
    Responsible for designing testing scenarios for usability testing
    Prepare all reports related to software testing carried out
    Analyze the results and then submit the observations to the development team

Eligibility Criteria:

    Minimum criteria- Any engineering stream of B.E/B.Tech/M.E/MTech or MCA or MSc (CS/IT/Computer Applications/Data Science/Computer Science & Applications) - any year of pass out till 2024.
    No active backlogs during application and/or during onboarding.
    Candidate should not have more than 23 months of full-time experience. 
    Candidate should not have appeared for Accenture Recruitment assessment/interview process in the last three months. 
    Candidate should have completed the relevant degree (eligible for this job role) in the stipulated duration of the degree. Hence, there should be no gaps during the course of your degree. E.g. candidate must complete the 4 year B. Tech course in 4 years.
    Students must have Indian citizenship. 
    Please note that Bhutan and Nepal nationals can work in India without a need for obtaining a work visa. All other foreign nationals require work visa or an Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) or Person of Indian Origin (PIO) card to work in India. 


Accenture has not authorized any agency, company or individual to either collect money or arrive on any monetary arrangement in exchange for a job at Accenture.  

Accenture's  criterion  for  hiring  candidates  is merit. Any  agency, company or individual offering employment with Accenture in exchange for money is misrepresenting their relationship with Accenture, which has not authorized any such action. If you are approached by any entity or individuals who demand money or any other form of compensation in return for a job offer at Accenture - even if they present themselves as representatives or employees of Accenture - please send the details to Accenture Business Ethics Line https://businessethicsIine.com/accenture